Ma down payment, what do you mean?
Don't you want to sign a contract with us?
Why did you tear up these 11 contracts?
Yeah, horse down payment
I am the Olympic rejection champion
It has great commercial value. What are you doing?
Oh, I know.
Do you think 1 billion contract less?
Ready to offer me a higher value contract
Hey hey
Just you hum
It's not bad to be your Olympic champion
But you are nothing compared to Zhao Ruolan
OK
The reason I gave Sun Mei 1 billion contract
And three generous gifts
It was entirely based on Zhao Ruolan's face
What's going on here?
Ma Shoufu is so among them Zhao Ruolan
Could it be that Zhao Ruolan
There's really nothing to lose during the game
I didn't let anyone take care of it.
The English news
And the luxury motorcade outside
It seems to be related to the richest man in Ma
Then we are really wrong about Ruolan
Although Zhao Ruolan is a woman
But Zhao Ruolan's Olympic competition
Directly broke the Olympic weightlifting record
And Zhao Ruolan's achievement this time
Far beyond historical records
And the Olympic Committee after the game
And every single contestant was tested.
Zhao Ruolan didn't knock anything at all
Innocent and clean
And
Zhao Ruolan is now the image spokesperson of my company
Whoever insults Zhao Ruolan insults me Ma Jinshan